Create Azure Linux 3.0 custom Arm VM (#5)
odidev/arm-learning-paths: content/learning-paths/servers-and-cloud-computing/azure-vm/azure-vm.md

---
title: Convert AArch64 ISO to VHD and Deploy on Azure VM
weight: 3

### FIXED, DO NOT MODIFY
layout: learningpathall
---

> ### Convert AArch64 ISO to VHD and Deploy Azure Linux Arm64 VM

Author: ```suggestion
### Convert custom Azure Linux 3.0 Arm image for the VM
```

> This guide walks through the steps to convert the **Azure Linux 3.0 AArch64 ISO** into a **VHD**, upload it to Azure, and deploy a custom **Linux Arm64 virtual machine** using Azure Shared Image Gallery.

Author: ```suggestion
In this learning path, we will start by [downloading the AArch64 ISO of Azure Linux 3.0](https://github.com/microsoft/azurelinux#iso). Using qemu-img, we’ll create a raw disk image and boot a virtual machine with the ISO to install the OS onto the disk. Once the installation is complete, we will convert the raw disk to a fixed-size VHD, upload it to Azure Blob Storage, and then use the Azure CLI to create a custom ARM64 image. This custom image will enable us to launch Azure Linux 3.0 virtual machines on ARM-based infrastructure, even though the Azure Marketplace currently provides this image only for x64 systems.
```
